# QUESTIONS ASKED BY DESIGNERS TO CLIENTS AND USERS

Serial No. | Questions | Answers | O/C/F
---------- | --------- | ------- | -----
1 | Where will the Automatic Cup Crusher be used? | At homes, recycling plants, restaurants, social gatherings. | Objective
2 | What should be the weight of the Cup crusher? | Less than 2 Kg | Constraint
3 | Number of cups crushed in 1 minute? | At least 10 cups | Objective
4 | What should be the maximum cost of the cup crushing machine? | ₹ 2000 | Constraint
5 | What is the space allocated for the machine? | 3ft by 3ft by 3ft | Constraint
6 | How fast are you expecting the crushing of cup to be completed? | In less than 10 seconds per cup | Objective
7 | Should it instruct how to place the cups? | Yes | Function
8 | Do you need any alert signal after the crushing? | Yes | Function
9 | What will be energy usage? | Less than that used by a normal home appliance. | Objective
10 | Should it shred the cups? | Yes | Function
11 | How do you wish the machine to operate? |  At the single press of button | Function
12 | Should the machine be portable or stationary? | Portable | Objective
13 | What type of power should it use? | Both AC power and DC power. | Objective
14 | What must be done to the crushed cups? | They should be directed to a dustbin. | Function
15 | Should the machine be able to detect the cups? | Yes | Function

## IDENTIFYING THE OBJECTIVES
1. Machine should be easy to use anywhere.
2. Machine should process at least 10 cups in a minute.
3. Each cup should be processed in less than 10 seconds.
4. Machine should use minimal amount of energy.
5. Machine should be portable. 
6. Machine should work on AC supply and batteries.

## IDENTIFYING THE CONSTRAINTS
1. Machine should weigh less than 2Kg.
2. It should not cost more than ₹ 2000.
3. It should not occupy space more than 3 cubic feet.

## IDENTIFYING THE FUNCTIONS
1. Machine should give instructions to use the machine.
2. It should alert the user after the process.
3. It should shred the cups after crushing.
4. It should work on pressing just a button.
5. It should direct the garbage to a dustbin.
6. It should sense the cup.

## Problem Definition

*__Design an automatic cup crusher machine, which is able to crush and shred the used cups, it should be portable and user friendly. Machine must not exceed the volume of 3 cubic feet and weight of 2Kg , should be able to crush and shred at least 10 cups per minute, should be liquid proof, budget to build should not exceed ₹ 2000, the waste from this process should directly enter a dustbin, should use minimal electricity and it should work on both AC and DC power(batteries).__*